hello my name is Jamie if you're seeing
this right now it means that the chops
are gone just reminds us that everything
good needs to end sometime right slavery
okay I'm sorry about that as you can
tell I thought I would be a little more
appropriate to make the chops fit in a
little bit better I would wear my Civil
War costume but I'm not just a civil war
participant I am the Civil War I am both
the north and in the south and sometimes
the South gets a little yappy and I'm
sorry about that if that offended
anybody the reason why I'm making this
is not only so the chops can say goodbye
to you but also because I thought it
would be a little less offensive if I
wore pants for this one I don't know if
you can see because this coach is very
long just like it was in the Civil War
because clearly this is a civil war coat
but i do have pants on this time so
anyway as I said the chops wanted to say
bye so i'll let them
I hope that was his heartfelt for you as
it was for them and now I'm going to
play some violin what you don't know is
that during the Civil War people play
the violins all the time yeah they
played lots of different songs and I'm
going to play your two songs that they
played from that time and I'm probably
going to play it just as well I can't
say that this violin is a civil war
relic like I am it's actually from
target and they didn't have target back
then because target isn't found it on
slavery target is founded on cheap
prices and great great quality products
okay so here's the first one because
back then in the Civil War they had
stars and sometimes those stars twinkled
also in the Civil War we had out of tune
notes so i thought i'd give you some of
those too now because it's a civil war
and because back then a lot of people
were dying because there was a war I
thought maybe I'd played kind of how we
used to play it back then this is the
sad version of twinkle twinkle little
star oh no Paul Bunyan run Oh General
MacArthur know he was Civil War 20
custard in your wife and I don't can't
take it oh the Civil War so sad thank
you now another song that we had back
then don't forget ever since people were
born they've been having birthdays well
ever since a year after people were
bored they've been having birthdays and
we had happy birthday
I
that version was for cats in heat I'm
sure that they would have loved it
anyway I'm gonna leave now and so are
the chops and it's sad but you and I can
move on together even without them and
maybe the next time on camera I'll look
20 pounds lighter because as you know
each chop weighs at least ten pounds
good night